included devfile converter in migration docs (#126)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/user-guide/partials/proc_installing-the-devfile-converter.adoc

[id="proc_installing-the-devfile-converter_{context}"]
= Installing the devfile-converter

[role="_abstract"]

> As you migrate an existing v1.x devfile to a v2.x devfile, consider using the devfile-converter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To migrate a devfile from version 1.x to 2.x, install and use the devfile-converter.
```

.Procedure

* Install the devfile-converter:
+
----
$ import * as devfileConverter from '@eclipse-che/devfile-converter';
----
+
----
$ async function v2ToV1(devfileV2: Devfile, externalContentAccess?: (filename: string) => Promise<string>): Promise<che.workspace.devfile.Devfile>
----
+
----

> $ async function v1ToV2(devfileV1: che.workspace.devfile.Devfile): Promise<Devfile>

Reviewer: Is this a conversion step? If so, would it make sense to have separate the installation and conversion steps?

Author: Made the change. I'll see if it looks good and makes sense to SME reviewers!
